welcome to there are a number of things
I like to talk to you about basketball
feels sort of secondary at the moment I
think you understand and respect that
just just tell us just what you're
thinking about as a longtime market
watcher and participant and then we'll
get to the other side of your life in
just a moment
you know I'm just as concerned and
confused and uncertain as everybody else
you know I'm a long-term bull in terms
of our country and you know at some
point the markets will be higher I just
don't know when I dipped my toe in I
bought some Live Nation I thought it
took too big a hit but I bought it two
days ago so I'm underwater there but
like I said I'm a long-term holder there
I bought some Twitter today I'm a
long-term holder there I have a you know
I own shares going into this decline so
you know I don't know what's going to
happen or when but I think long-term
will be okay so you went through the
dot-com bust you came out good on the
other side we all know that you went
through
oh eight which people say this bears no
resemblance to and now we're going no
wait I killed it I mean literally I was
stupid I sold I bought at one point I
owned almost 5% of CBS and a couple
other companies and I sold too soon that
was the deleveraging that kind of
explained everything in this particular
case you have oil you we have
uncertainty in terms of what the overall
impact of the economy and the economy is
going to be we went up so fast like you
said we haven't even got to the December
2018 lows so anybody who truly has been
a buy-and-hold person you know you feel
the pain because you you look at your
401 or you look well I do think that we
do have some companies that don't need a
bank to make money they're our triple-a
and you take a Johnson John so you can
go that way that's an unbelievable
company just keeps going lower there's a
great company by the way in a Monday of
1987 it hung in I do think that and Mark
I'd like to hear your view on this what
would happen we know the federal
government gets paid by everybody every
entity every person we know the federal
government could borrow easily at
Treasury and somehow Congress would get
together five hundred billion dollars to
be able to pay them I heard what you
said this morning and I think you're
right on I even told a congressman this
morning that we should the SBA should be
way ahead of this and there should be
money so that any small business in
particular can get a quick turnaround
hundred thousand or $250,000 loan if
they don't lay anybody off because
you're exactly right because where this
starts to cascade is where you you start
to see small businesses that can't you
know you're a vendor for badges for
South by Southwest you're a vendor for
you know who knows what boots for the
rodeo that just got canceled you're the
one that's going to be most at risk and
when you fire those folks because you
can't make payroll or lay them off then
they are bad all obviously creates other
issues and that along with schools being
canceled and that creating more stress
and you know you need to have up back
backing from the government you know I
get your point on the big business but
also I think even more importantly small
businesses believe accessing capital
that's the base of our country Marc you
and I both know it and they've done
nothing they haven't done reckless
things they didn't buy at the top they
weren't taking Tesla 900 days with
people who British they are just making
payroll so I'm wondering on that note
mark you know the great portion of the
population including our prime time
viewership knows you as a cast member on
Shark Tank and an investor there what
are you telling your portfolio companies
to do right now there's you know that
note that came out from Sequoia last
week called this the Black Swan of 2020
and had some pretty stark suggestions
for their portfolio businesses what are
you telling them well my shark tank
companies are typically smaller and so
they're more regional in nature so where
you're having to be in a region region
that's been hit strongly you know
they've got issues I mean I lent won
some money this morning and so we're
gonna I'm gonna just try to help them
you know fight through it
and hopefully we get through to the
other side in you know two months three
months whatever it may be but that's
really what it's going to take just
somebody there to you know to just help
them make payroll if that's the case you
still own a theater no we sold em land
okay but I do own part of a company
called RDI I own some shares there but I
own those forever
let me pivot to de basketball now if I
may your your look on TV last night
frankly told told the whole story when
you were notified about Rudy Gobert
notify would it be a meme for the rest
of my life now now we know that you know
another player has tested positive as
well how concerned are you about the the
membership of the NBA right now very
very I mean after our game last night I
went into the locker room obviously guys
were concerned and let me take a step
back before the game I went in and guys
were curious about you know what the
conversations were going on in our
league where the governor is calling and
one of the players asked you know if I
thought that the season might be
postponed or canceled and I said you
know maybe there's a five to ten percent
chance of that happening and then you
saw my reaction when I heard it and then
after the game you know I was very
specific to the players I'm like look
this is not time off this is not like a
lockout this is not the season ending
and you just go home and go about your
business you guys are at the epicenter
of all of this you are you have to
effectively self-quarantine talking to
guys this morning stay inside because
one of the challenges and being you know
a celebrity and NBA player everybody
comes up to you everybody touches you
everybody wants to hug you everybody
wants to take a picture with you
and so you are much more at risk than a
typical person would be and not only
that dollar you are risk catching it
because you may be asymptomatic because
all these guys are younger you're also a
risk of being a carrier because so many
people come up to you and so that leads
to two issues one we don't want to make
things worse than the community so we're
really going to try to keep our eye out
on our guys and talk to them and
actually keep them busy you know the
league is said it's okay to continue to
have practices and skill sessions and
Rehab and workout and that's going to be
important because you know it's tough
for 23 25 year old guy to or person to
just sit in the house all day and
self-quarantine
and and to you know we don't want
to be spreading the disease in the
community you know because so many
people come up to us and so we're gonna
have to have you know we're gonna have
to keep track of everybody we don't you
know because what would kill the NBA
season is you know it's horrible that
two players have it but for whatever
what would ever Rita to provide a base
to provide support we need to do that
because you know and I'm not saying this
as a socialist I'm saying that there's a
pure capitalist because it's a smart
thing to do because by supporting our
communities and keep them at a steady
state or helping them where they need
help you know we we support all the
stakeholders around us we keep business
vibrant that way we help small
businesses keep people employed and stay
in business and that helps bigger
businesses so you know I'm not a fan of
trickle-down but I'm certainly a huge
fan of trickle up and every single CEO
every single entrepreneur every single
person who runs the company manages a
company has got to be cognizant of all
the of the impact of all their decisions
and I think that that's an important
message and we tried to get that across
to our players where they have an impact
and to mark companies where I'm an
investor and wherever else I can get the
message across
you